President, I am going to have a wedding in October tomorrow.
Do you have time to come over?
Now a big round of applause.
Welcome our bride and groom
I fantasized about our wedding countless times
But think about it
I think unforgettable is the most important thing
That's why I asked the two of them to cooperate with me in that scene
Give you the most unforgettable marriage
starring
Would you like to spend a lifetime with me and grow old together?
Oh, when are you going to get married?
Are we familiar?
I don't know him.
Neither are you
I'm not planning to get married yet.
Give it to you, I don't want it either.
If you two don't get married, where will I get married?